Xie Lian is the crown prince of Xianle, and a heavenly official. He was banished from the heavens twice, but ascended a third time miraculously. He is a handsome young man who currently wears a bamboo hat in honor of a nameless farmer who showed him kindness and compassion at his lowest point in life. He is also dressed in simple, white Taoist robes and bandages to hide his Cursed Shackles. One of the bandages he wears is his weapon, Ruoye. As a child of Xianle royalty, he was known to be pampered and spoiled since young. He was kind, beloved and determined to help the common people no matter how it would affect his own status. His futile efforts led him to become incessantly worried and feeling powerless. The continuous frustration and desperation he experienced caused Xie Lian to even have outbursts of anger at times. Instances of this would be him vigorously trying to kill Lang Ying or him lashing out against Human Face Disease patients. His confidence and strength wavered more and more and during his kingdom's complete fall, Xie Lian spiraled into a sorrowful and helpless state. He eventually turned the built up sorrow and hatred into a revenge plan against Yong'an, burning down the palace with Wuming. Before Xie Lian spread the Human Face Disease to the common people though, he tested humanity's kindness one more time. His faith in the people was then ultimately restored after a farmer helped him out. Xie Lian is a kind and gentle person. Although he acknowledges his abilities, he remains down-to-earth. He never holds his status above others and treats people equally, disregarding status as a sign of one's worth. He is a compassionate man who's willing to offer his help, being indifferent towards opinions of others. Although he does not care for reputation, he still finds himself often caught in situations that make him unsure whether to laugh or cry, usually when faced with moments that cause him embarrassment or feeling awkward. He often says "I don't know wether to laugh or cry.." in awkward situations. While he does not forget past grievances, most are usually pushed to the back of his mind, and he doesn't hesitate to save those he's had conflicts with. Similarly, he is loyal to those who are kind to him and those he considers friends. Despite having seen the worst that both humanity and the gods have done, he can also see the best in others. He sometimes has wrong perceptions of people's personalities, but he's usually convinced of their good sides and believes the people he knows even when circumstances may say otherwise. In the direst of situations, he is still able to remain calm and think up strategies on how to defeat the enemy. However, when faced with Hua Cheng's flirtatious and romantic gestures, he becomes very flustered. While strategically intelligent and able to see past people's lies and deceptions due to his many years of suffering and witnessing political struggles, he seems oblivious to romantic advances. He is married to Hua Cheng, the supreme ghost king, and they have spent hundreds of difficult years together. Now, they live happily together and enjoy a rather domestic lifestyle. Xie Lian often spends his days helping Hua Cheng practice calligraphy, playing instruments, and enjoying the arts. While he is terrible at household chores such as cooking and sewing, he is decent at fixing houses, building wells, walls and cleaning or patching up his home which was originally an abandoned shrine. Xie Lian's path of cultivation required him to abstain from worldly pleasures such as sex and alcohol. As a result, he was a virgin for 800 years until his marriage with Hua Cheng. While still powerful, his cultivation abilities have decreased significantly after his marriage.